.TH MCMOBSHEET 1 "" "mcmobsheet 1.0.2" "User Commands"
.nf
.fi
.SH NAME
.nf
    mcmobsheet - translate Minecraft /summon and /setblock data into
    readable info

.fi
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
    mcmobsheet [COMMAND ...]
    mcmobsheet help
    mcmobsheet --version

.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
    mcmobsheet takes a /summon or /setblock command, as copied from
    Minecraft's F3+I debug screen, and prints a plain-text summary: mob
    name, health, location, equipment, block facing/state, and similar
    details depending on what was summoned or placed.

    There are three ways to give it a command:

    Argument mode
        Pass the command as arguments:

            mcmobsheet /summon minecraft:creeper 0 64 0 {Health: 20.0f}

    Pipe mode
        Pipe the command in on stdin:

            echo '/summon minecraft:creeper 0 64 0 {Health: 20.0f}' | mcmobsheet

    Interactive mode
        Run mcmobsheet with no arguments and stdin attached to a
        terminal. It prompts for one command at a time:

            $ mcmobsheet
            mcmobsheet - paste a /summon or /setblock command (from F3+I) and press Enter.
            Type 'help' for the manual, 'quit' or Ctrl+D to exit.

            mcmobsheet> /summon minecraft:creeper 0 64 0 {Health: 20.0f}

        Type 'help' or '?' at the prompt to see this manual again.
        Type 'quit', 'exit', or press Ctrl+D to leave.

.fi
.SH EXIT STATUS
.nf
    0   The command was parsed and a summary was printed.
    1   The input could not be parsed as a /summon or /setblock command.

.fi
.SH VERSION
.nf
    mcmobsheet 1.0.2

.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.nf
    https://github.com/chrisjniles/mcmobsheet
.fi
